cmd: Moved all non-service sub commands under new tools subcommand. (#2513)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/components/sidecar.md

# Sidecar

> The `thanos sidecar` component of Thanos gets deployed along with a Prometheus instance. This allows sidecar to optionally upload metrics to object storage and allow [Queriers](./query.md) to query Prometheus data with common, efficient StoreAPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `thanos sidecar` command of Thanos runs a component that would get deployed along with a Prometheus instance. This allows sidecar to optionally upload metrics to object storage and allow [Queriers](./query.md) to query Prometheus data with common, efficient StoreAPI.
```

  --web.enable-lifecycle
```

> ```bashas

Reviewer: I don't know if it is intentional or just a mistake, I don't think `bashas` is a thing.
```suggestion
```bash
```
